1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

Solution: 
1)Maximizing code reusability
2)Minimizing redundancy
3)Procedural decomposition
4)Make programs simpler to read and understand

2. When does the code in a function run: when its specified or when its called?

Solution: Function run in a code when its called.

3. What statement creates a function?

Solution: def statement creates a function

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

Solution: A function is procedure to achieve a particular result while function call is using this function to achive that task.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

Solution: There is only one global Python scope per program execution. There are two local scopes.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

Solution: 
A local variable retains its value until the next time the function is called

A local variable becomes undefined after the function call completes

The local variable can be used outside the function any time after the function call completes.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?

Solution: 
A return statement is used to end the execution of the function call and “returns” the result (value of the expression following the return keyword) 
to the caller. The statements after the return statements are not executed. If the return statement is without any expression, 
then the special value None is returned.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

Solution: None Type

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?

Solution: To refer to a global variable in a function, you can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global.

10. What is the data type of None?

Solution: None Type

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?

Solution: It imports the module areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?

Solution: This function can be called with spam.bacon().

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?

Solution: If any function is throwing an error, we can use except clause.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?

Solution: The try block lets you test a block of code for errors. The except block lets you handle the error.