1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* , 'hello', -87.8 , - , / , + , 6 

Solution: Values are as follows: 'hello' , '-87.8' , '6' .
          Expressions are as follows: '*' , '-' , '/' , '+' .

2.What is the difference between string and variable?

Solution: 
String is a data type in python . It is basically characters wrapped in single/double quotes. Those characters can be anything alphanumeric,integer,etc.
e.g. str1 = 'Hello World' , str1 is a string.
While variable is kind of temporary memory location assigned to various objects which can be any kind of data types. 
e.g. a = 100 , b = "Hello" . a,b are variables here.
So, string is a data type while variable is a location to which various data types are assigned to.

3. Describe three different data types.

Solution:
1) Tuples : It is an ordered collection of objects which is immutable. The objects are enclosed in parantheses in tuples. 
   e.g. tup1 = ('Hii' , 100 , 'abc')
2) Lists : It is an ordered collection of objects which is mutable. The objects are enclosed in square brackets in lists. 
   e.g. list1 = [1 , 100 , "Hello"]
3) Dictionaries : It is an unordered collection of objects which is mutable and contains key-value pairs. The objects are enclosed in curly brackets.
   e.g. dict1 = { "key1" : "value1" , "key2" : "value2"}

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do? 

Solution:
An Expression is a combination of values and functions that are combined and interpreted by the compiler to create a new value. 
It is used to combine various values and data types to show some result. 

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement? 

Solution:
In programming language terminology, an “expression” is a combination of values and functions that are combined and interpreted by the compiler to create a new value, 
as opposed to a “statement” which is just a standalone unit of execution and doesn't return anything.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

Solution: 23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam'*3 

Solution: 'spam' + 'spamspam' ---> 'spamspamspam'
          'spam'*3 ---> 'spamspamspam'

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Solution: There are some rules of defining variable, according to which variable should not start with a number. 
Thats why 100 is an invalid variable and eggs is a valid one as variable can start with a character.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?

Solution: int() , float() and str() are the functions used to get the integer, floating-point number and string version of a value.
          e.g. int(3.0) --> 3 , float(3) --> 3.0 and str(12) --> '12'.

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
 ' I have eaten ' + 99 + 'burritos.'

Solution: This will give an error because the data type of objects is different so that we cannot concatenate them. 
          To solve this error, we can convert 99 which is int to string format and then we can concatenate them.